*Test Case positive and negative for Car
.Positive Test Cases for Car:-
1.Verify that the car should get unlocked and start smoothly unlocking with its key.
2.Verify that the car gets driven smoothly at normal speed on the road and under normal climatic conditions.
3.Verify that clutch,brake,and accelerator functions are working correctly.
4.Verify the engine type of car -whether it is a Petrol,Diesel,or CNG engine.
5.Verify the car's performance on different types of roads-charcoal,cement,etc.
6.Verify that the mileage of the car is as per the specification.
7.Verify thatbthe dimensions of the car are as per the specification.
8.Check if the car is a sports car or a luxury car.
9.Check that the fuel capacity is as per the specification.
10.Check if the steering is power steering or not.
11.Check if the gears are aoutomatic or manual.
12.Verify if the reverse gear of the car works correctly.
13.Verify the miximum acceleration of the car.
14.Check the number of seats in the car.
15.Check if the hand brakes are functional or not.
16.Verify that the brakes work correctly and get applied in a timely manner or not.
17.Verify the type and power of the battery.
18.Check if the headlight are working at night.
19.Verify if the airbags are present or not and are functional if present.
20.Check if the seat belts are present and are functioning correctly.
21.Check the automatic car lock functionality.
22.Verify thatv car's back light shoud get lightened on reversing the car.
23. Verify that left and right indicators should function correctly.

.Negative Test Cases for Car:-
1.Verify the car’s functioning by filling it with non-prescribed fuel type.
2.Drive the car at high speed on first gear only.
3.Keep the air pressure different on all four tires and then drive the car.
4.Use a hand break while driving the car.
5.Try to start the car with some other key.
6.Check the condition of tires by filling them at a pressure higher than prescribed.
7.Check the condition, speed, and fuel consumption of the car by filling the tires with pressure less than prescribed.
8.Check the car’s speed, performance, and fuel consumption on driving the car on roads not conducive for driving.

 