*Test Cases for Coffee Machine.

.Positive
1.Verify that outer body, as well as inner part’s material, is as per the specification.

2.Verify that the machine’s body color as well brand is correctly visible and as per specification.

3.Verify the input mechanism for coffee ingredients-milk, water, coffee beans/powder, etc.

4.Verify that the quantity of hot water, milk, coffee powder per serving is correct.

5.Verify the power/voltage requirements of the machine.

6.Verify the effect of suddenly switching off the machine or cutting the power. The machine should stop in that situation and in power resumption, the remaining coffee should not get come out of the nozzle.

7.Verify that coffee should not leak when not in operation.

8.Verify the amount of coffee served in single-serving is as per specification.

9.Verify that the digital display displays correct information.

10.Check if the machine can be switched on and off using the power buttons.

11.Check for the indicator lights when the machine is switched on-off.

12.Verify that the functioning of all the buttons work properly when pressed.

13.Verify that each button has an image/text with it, indicating the task it performs.

14.Verify that complete quantity of coffee should get poured in a single operation, no residual coffee should be present in the nozzle.

15.Verify the mechanism to clean the system work correctly- foamer.

16.Verify that the coffee served has the same and correct temperature each time it is served by the machine.

17.Verify that system should display an error when it runs out of ingredients.

18.Verify that pressing the coffee button multiple times leads to multiple serving of coffee.

19.Verify that there is the passage for residual/extra coffee in the machine.

20.Verify that machine should work correctly in different climatic, moistures and temperature conditions.

21.Verify that machine should not make too much sound when in operation.

.Negative
1.Check the functioning of the coffee machine when two/multiple buttons are pressed simultaneously.

2.Check the functioning of coffee machine with a lesser or higher voltage than required.

3.Check the functioning of the coffee machine if the ingredient container’s capacity is exceeded.